feat(docs): add requires.io in bots' examples (#2036)
Mergifyio/mergify-engine: docs/source/examples/bots.rst

          merge:
            method: merge

Requires.io
-----------

> `Requires.io <https://requires.io/>`_ send automatic update for your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Requires.io <https://requires.io/>`_ sends automatic updates for your
```
